]Story!

I was at the market and everyone was rushing to get some Bratwust (Sausage),
I hurried and just as I reached for it I heard the sound of my ledehose (leather pants) spliting.
I whipped up as I heard the ripping sound, and quickly I grabbed a pack of Bratwurst.
As I turned around, I noticed someone's service dog (Hund) was staring at me and immediately
I thought to myself, "Is the dog staring at my ripped pants or the applie pie (Apfelkuchen)
in my hands?". Then I remembered, just last week I wore these ledehose (leather pants)
to the Rammstein (German band) concert at which it hit me that they played feuer frei
and the crowd went crazy. In the crowd, I remembered turning around to see my friend
professor Mehlhase (also known as flour bunny in german) who was so excited to see
me that she spilled her beer on my ledehose.. now I knew why the service dog was so intrigued with
the scents on my ledgehose. I had spill beer during the on myself during the stein hold
in the Biergarten (beer garden). I tried to go into the Baeckerei(bakery) to find something to
dry myself, but after I did, I noticed that someone had put a Schloss(lock) outside of the door trapping me in.
Then I really wish I had a doener kebab, but I am locked inside. Desperate and trapped, I grabbed a loaf of brot (bread) off 
the shelf to sit on while I figured out how to escape. Days have passed, for some reason the only thing I have to eat is this doener kebab with not a single pastry(gebaek) inside this bakery(baeckerei).
Suddenly, I heard a loud noise from above, and through a small window on the ceiling, I saw a Porsche being lifted by a helicopter landing at the Flughafen (airport) nearby. Its a good thing that I had Klimaanlage (air conditioning) on, seeing all this stuff going on outside would be making me sweat. 
Just as I was thinking about my escape, a man in a Dirndel (traditional feminine dress) driving a BMW motorcycle, was yelling that the Schloss (lock) is being removed.
So I left to go to a City Hall's Ratskeller where the mayor lives, down Hauptstrasse, so I can report  what I had witnessed today.
I ran so fast you would think I was a wettbewerbsfaehig (conpetitive) runner.
As I entered the Ratskeller to report the bizarre events, I was greeted by the mayor, who offered me a slice of Apfelkuchen.